We have so many motivations, so many, it's like two years of motivation, there is always a happy
growth, coming, changing, all that,
but when we do practices, we are going to practice motivation. There is something so spiritual, so
beautiful, yet it's natural.
Natural is simple, our own, our own mind. That is then, of course, you all know, is joy and
appreciation.
That is very important, that is the first step of our practice. Being a human being, it should be
wherever, we are wherever.
And for those reasons, when I get a master's seat, every time, even those hermitages, the practice
of hermitage,
spend whole life practicing, they always say that when you wake up in the morning, it should be
very grateful.
Today is a new life, new day, new things. In a way, it really is completely new, new.
And how wonderful, how beautiful that I am here, I am going to do more beautiful things.
Just come, bring more joy and appreciation. That is the appreciation of life.
And then, of course, many of you know, I mean, it's not something that you don't know.
And in the Buddha's teaching, we have the 18 endurments, those who are practicing dharma.
They have the 18 beautiful qualities. Again, these are not called accidental.
It has so many cause and conditions. Cause and conditions of which is also known as dharma in the
past.
And also cause and condition of these lives. Combined together, we have this beautiful life.
They are eating different qualities, eating qualities, add freedoms, 10 luxuries.
Above them, we have more. That's the basic. We have more freedom and favorable conditions.
And that's what it's called. So really, bring more joy.
This is not just a kind of burden. This is not something that we do in side track of the practices.
That very is hard practice in Buddhism, in the Buddha's teaching.
When we think of the enlightenment, we talk about all these beautiful feelings.
All those we heard, we know the people and we hear enlightenment.
Enlightenment is not going to come later or in the future, three countless years after.
Enlightenment begins right now with our own mind.
Right now, that enlightenment is the joy and appreciation is light of that enlightenment.
It is the beams of enlightenment that's shining from the deep of the midst of our own happy
dependence.
Even covered, we have such beautiful rising energy, deep is coming.
Being grateful, joyful, grateful of these all beautiful things.
That is practices. It's not that side track of the practices.
And we don't have the joy and appreciation that we practice.
Our practice is boring. Our practice is kind of a burden.
Our practice is kind of dark. But if we lighten up that beautiful qualities,
being grateful, being joyful, then practice is practice with joy,
practice with appreciation, practice of gratefulness.
And we got plenty every time this and that, not for a goal.
I like that. And the rest ignore the big things.
That's not practical. So we have to be practical and with common sense,
with the guidance of our gracious compassion teacher of the Buddha Chaturman.
He gives such a great teaching really, such a beautiful teaching of love, kindness,
compassion, respect and appreciation that will reveal our beauty and nature.
So bring up that.
To a good with not just joy and appreciation, bring more compassion.
That is combined in Mahayana technique known as bodhijata.
Bring more compassion. You are thinking of all living beings, bodhijata.
Again, this bodhijata is not side track of the practices that we do in practice.
It is essence of the practices. It is essence and foundation.
It is practices. Again, if we don't have the practices of the bodhijata,
though that practices, what practice will be?
Practice will be that very ego practices, self-important practices.
Self-important, self-centered mind and ego kind of practice,
that we will be practicing for the biggest time until now according to Buddha's teaching.
And what will is achieved? What will be fulfilled?
More trouble, more difficulties, more kind of hesitation,
more doubt, more worries, more anxieties and is continually clashing that.
We are in a way kind of clashing and kind of completely trapped in this status.
Therefore, we have to change the course. Have to change the course.
Bring more body. That's every great master.
See, everyone, no different with this school, that school.
All say the same thing. And then, of course, Buddha said it.
Continue with that. So this, again, bodhijata is not alien,
something that we bring Buddhist dogma here or try to make something change.
Again, reveal our nature, our beauty, our color.
Love is our nature. Completion is our beauty, our treasure.
What's known in intelligence is our treasure.
Reveal that. If we let to dispel the darkness of the ignorance,
those difficulty trouble, bring more compassion, bring more joy.
Let light up that our self with all those big goals.
Buddha's teaching is not teaching some of the different things.
Buddha said, I didn't give you anything new things except the way things are.
Big things are just pointing out. We all will have that.
Spread those qualities. And then, talk it with them.
Then, the pure understands. This is the very end of practices.
The very end of practice in that day is not something that we bring new drama or new ideas.
Reality level, everything is beauty status, including our mind.
Subject and object in all is very special and beautiful, authentic status.
But we mishandle it. We call it up exactly where natures are,
and we are wondering and roaming on the illusion of what we call it up.
Slow them down. Reality level, everything is beautiful, beautiful.
So we have to remove the catalyst of this, what we created,
and reveal what the natures of things are.
That is to move towards that direction.
Then, bring more beauty and understands.
The whole view, a better form, a better song, and a better mind.
Those are the teachings said, and that's what we are going to highlight.
With those beautiful motivations, and now we practice on such activities.